Assignment2 - By Victor Tran
Python Script Name: ur_vktran2.py
Description
This python script shall accept and execute various filesnames as command line or optional parameters. In depth information will be given when using the --help option with the script.

The following modules will be used in the script:
OS -- used to allow use of the OS commands
SYS  -- will be used to accept command line arguments
argparse  -- will be used to assist the user on how to use the script, generating help messages and issue errors
time -- will be used in comparing dates

Functions
user_list(file)
* Uses optional arg '-l user' *
1. Open and read the file given in the cli. 
2. Extract the list of users and closes the read file.
3. Output the users in a formatted list.

host_list(file)
* Uses optional arg '-l host' *
1. Open and read the file given in the cli.
2. Extract the list of hosts and closes the read file.
3. Output the list of hosts in a formatted list.

daily_user(file)
* Uses optional args '-u user -t daily' *
1. Open and search the file for information on the specified user.
2. Extract information about the users usage and on daily date and close the file.
3. Output in a formatted list of the daily date, usage converted into seconds, and the total amount of usage in seconds.

daily_host(file)
* Uses optional args '-r host -t daily' *
1. Open and search the file for information on the specified host.
2. Extract information about the hosts usage and on daily date and close the file.
3. Output in a formatted list of the daily date, usage converted into seconds, and the total amount of usage in seconds.

weekly_user(file)
* Uses optional args '-u user -t weekly' *
1. Open and search the file for information on the specified user.
2. Extract information about the users usage and on the week and close the file.
3. Output in a formatted list of the weekly date, weekly usage added and converted into seconds, and the total amount of usage in seconds. 

weekly_host(file)
* Uses optional args '-h host -t weekly' *
1. Open and search the file for information on the specified host.
2. Extract information about the hosts usage and on the week and close the file.
3. Output in a formatted list of the weekly date, weekly usage added and converted into seconds, and the total amount of usage in seconds. 